and they do YouTube they do the internet
and I want and once you guys good
morning that's mark this is Ethan we're
feeling each other guys we're more than
friends yeah guys just follow them
everywhere it's not in real life but on
YouTube and Instagram because they're
great and they just moved to LA so so I
asked you guys on Twitter what are some
interesting comparisons that you want to
know about La Verne here because I just
moved to New York and so this is gonna
be fun it's gonna be fun it's sad we
live so far apart right now it makes me
really sad
I met mark at the Samsung event a VidCon
you tell the story of how you guys loose
like ya knew of each other because years
and years ago mark shows me this cool
video of this girl that she made and
he's like she's really into cameras and
she made this cool video she edits
really well this is awesome it's like
two years ago first Sarah yeah so he
commented on a video I made about
backpacks like camera backpacks desert
yeah I I hope it was it was music cuz it
was like the first big youtuber that
ever recognized my content and I saw his
check mark by his name when he commented
on this video that I made about DSLR
backpacks and I was like who is this guy
oh my gosh and I checked him out and
yeah and then you checked out like my
other videos and then we worked we were
like on the same panel at Samsung
for VidCon now we're you know yeah the
Internet is a magical place it is
magical I love it so much I love it so
much
okay embarrassing people here Jill
work work work yeah here it's like you
get your stuff done but you don't want
it to ever seem like your work you
always want to seem like you're just
like the most laid-back person that
never lives anything but yeah in New
York it's like hot to work yeah work
work work that's the only thing yeah and
that's I think that's the difference
there because New York it's like you're
cool if all you're doing is working and
you feel it the moment you step out into
those streets
it's like all right crush it today
that's that's the energy that I love
about it because I'm in the face of my
life where I don't care about going to
the beach
that would be so lovely I'm just like
I'm in it right now we got to go to
brunch really fantastic I think maybe in
the next three years I need to move to a
place that allows me to breathe more but
it's a cool environment in New York
works just like everyone it's doing
something and sink people are hustling
you girls you can make it look like
you're not casual hustle never sweat
that I love that I love that who else
better tacos oh I mean literally there's
like three I see three places right now
that's all time I think it's all I yeah
la cuestión better weather
if you like seasons then it depends
really like to you just like it's always
this like a convenient store that has
like this yes yeah that is surgery I
love New York in this in like a early
summer and like
are you just that way girl people
somewhere I'm a subway or girl okay see
my people know me so someone asked which
city has the most storage you can buy
Lacroix I didn't it like start I thought
it like spawns oh well like it's bubbly
water is so fun right right how long do
you think you guys because New York New
York is something where I move there and
initially I was like I'm only gonna live
here Philly I'm just gonna see what it's
like I've always said I wanted to live
in New York and so I'm just gonna do is
we try it but now that I'm there I can
see myself living there a little longer
like a solid three four maybe five years
little see sorry mom doesn't she
well I kind of felt the same thing when
we first moved here and then I got here
and then I realize like we're tank tops
every day 365 so I might stay forever
yeah that's something that you moved
here and it's like okay let's try this
out as I go yeah yeah I definitely like
one or like plants and roots here like
I'm not gonna be sure always but it is a
good place to be I'm gonna transition
back to a place that has like somewhat
of a seasonal yeah you know like stay on
the west coast of school but you know
somewhere with like a fall like
I miss clock range we basically just
told you everything you need to know
about Ally there's so much fun guys can
we do like an awkward group like
everyone go like this video because
grades or even a narc
she was interesting I thought you know
maybe it would be more questions
good answers but I can actually make
yes we should man in with the sony a7s
monitor so is Sarah just enjoying the
party